OSDOCS#10840: Console Operator known issue for HCP (#77223)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

* {run-once-operator} (RODOO) cannot be installed on clusters managed by the Hypershift Operator. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-17533[*OCPBUGS-17533*])

> * In hosted control planes for {product-title}, if you disable the ingress capability, the Console Operator reports the following error message: `RouteHealthAvailable: failed to GET route`. To avoid this error, do not disable the ingress capability in an {product-title} managed cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33788[*OCPBUGS-33788*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In hosted control planes for {product-title}, if you disable the ingress capability, the Console Operator returns the following error message: 
+
[source,text]
----
RouteHealthAvailable: failed to GET route. 
----
+
To avoid this error, do not disable the ingress capability in an {product-title} managed cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33788[*OCPBUGS-33788*])
```

Author: I like this suggestion. Addressed!

* {product-title} version {product-version} disconnected installation fails on {ibm-power-name} Virtual Server. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36250[*OCPBUGS-36250*])

> * In {hcp} for {product-title}, if you disable the ingress capability, the Console Operator returns the following error message:

Author: Addressed

+
[source,text]
----
RouteHealthAvailable: failed to GET route.
----
+

> To avoid this error, do not disable the ingress capability in an {product-title} managed cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33788[*OCPBUGS-33788*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid this error, do not disable the Ingress capability in an {product-title} managed cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-33788[*OCPBUGS-33788*])
```
I would cap it here, too, since this appears to be the name of the API.
